docs(guide): add basic guide (#189)
sapphire-project/framework: guides/getting-started/CreatingCommands.mdx

> export const commandOptionsUrl = 'https://sapphire-project.github.io/framework/interfaces/commandoptions.html';
> 
> # Creating commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Creating commands
```

Your file structure should look like this:

```
node_modules/
src/
  ├── commands/
  │   └── General/
  └── main.js
package-lock.json
package.json
```

### Ping command

To create a command you simply need to create a file with the name of the command, in our case `ping.js`, in the
category you like, such as `./src/commands/General/`.

Each command is a class that extends from the base `Command` class from Sapphire. You need to extend it, and add a
`run` method that will get called when your command is triggered.
Don't forget to export the class!

```javascript
const { Command } = require('@sapphire/framework');

module.exports = class extends Command {
    constructor(context) {
      super(context, {
        name: 'ping',
        description: 'Send back the ping of the bot',
      });
    }

    async run(message) {
        const msg = await message.channel.send('Ping?');
        return msg.edit(
          `Pong! Bot Latency ${Math.round(this.context.client.ws.ping)}ms. API Latency ${msg.createdTimestamp - message.createdTimestamp}ms.`
        );
    }
};
```

The first parameter of `super` is the context, that is given in the constructor. You can then specify a

> <a href={commandOptionsUrl}>CommandOptions</a> object, containing properties such as the command's name or the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{@link CommandOptions} object, containing properties such as the command's name or the
```

The idea is for these to get parsed to links to the TSDoc in the doc parser so this will suffice.
Taken from contributing guidelines:
> - `{@link <TSDoc symbol name>}` - wherein `<TSDoc symbol name>` is a reference to some TypeScript interface / class / function etc parsed from TSDoc. This will link the API page of that symbol.

Author: Thanks! I've applied them all.
